Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so we'll do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
No problem.
iPhone: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so sorry. What I'm doing right now is I'm trying to open up my electronic health record.
Gwenevere Abriel: I apologize for this.
iPhone: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Opening up a note for us. We keep track of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we'll be good to go here in just a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, here's you
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's notes. Almost there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got
Gwenevere Abriel: Last one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just cuckoo bird.
iPhone: Oh, it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: I was saying this month has just flown by
iPhone: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think I'm now in
iPhone: Fine. You think it goes slower right no weird
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to just do some logistics for just a second, just to bring you just aware of have some changes on my side. I'm working presently from a laptop. I no longer have cell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Service.
iPhone: So I
Gwenevere Abriel: I tried last night to do my normal thing where I check in with everybody and say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think yours got that red exclamation mark. I'm not sure if yours went through.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see you didn't get
iPhone: I got your glasses. This morning alone, or do you confirm. You said yes but no
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a good sign. At least something came through. So here's what I noticed. Yeah. So here's what I did at 648 yeah 648
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, Good evening. Can you confirm tomorrow's individual therapy at 11am. Oh, and it's, it says not delivered. So that's I'm telling everybody right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: The norm, where I give a heads up the day before, is no longer in place. It's been an enjoyable courtesy text for everyone, including myself,
Gwenevere Abriel: So that I know other people are going to be there. I know you guys have benefited from it, but I cannot do that. I've tried using another cell that's a 505 area code apparent what I'm told is I'm in some sort of black phone like where there's like no ping from a tower. So that bites.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to start to make a shift to doing I'll still try to be helpful to everybody. I'll try and go through emails and say, hey, confirming appointment. I'm going to try that and see if if it works, you kind of like it. You're okay with that.
If I give that a try.
iPhone: I should have checked my email.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I didn't, I didn't go there. But that's my shift. I'm going to be making that this week. What else
Gwenevere Abriel: So that explains, maybe some disconnect. If you have been trying to get ahold of me. It's because
Gwenevere Abriel: I was flying. I was in an airplane, and then I'm now in this no cell service, which is, you know, I'm so used to just in, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to have to adjust my my daily routines to now for you. What has this weekend, like
iPhone: Can we start with spring with the meditation today. Would you mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need one to, let's do it.
iPhone: Well, I'm actually sitting on the ground in my yoga mat for
iPhone: So I'm ready. Hold up.
iPhone: My phone or my iPhone battery was dying. So I kind of have to figure out a new arrangement. So I could keep it.
iPhone: Funky swift, a little bit. But, uh, I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's set. Let's set the intention today with a nice natural exhale just letting the air go out at your own pace.
Gwenevere Abriel: And one more at your natural pace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's begin. Some structured breathing. When you're ready, inhaling through the nose on for count.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think we've got an inhale and then we're going to hold it for 4321 exhaling out the mouth for count 4321 and hold it for 4321 inhaling mindfully into the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Making that belly expand beautiful and hold it there for 321 exhale it all out, as if emptying a balloon letting it all laid out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Flat. Flat. Flat belly fat that's beautiful, and leaving that air out and holding your breath for 321 inhaling through the nose feel that air comes through the nostrils expanding to the top of the line down to the bottom of Milan opening up that chest like that belly expand
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's exhale out the mouth, push it out deliberately getting it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And holding it all out for 321 inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding it there for 321 last breath with the counting them will exhale as long as breath ever super slow, slow, slow. So, so, so, so, so, so pay attention to how slow, you can deflate that balloon.
Gwenevere Abriel: When on your own counting just on your own using that structured breath. I'm just going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Invite you
Gwenevere Abriel: To think about some things are not thinking about some things
Gwenevere Abriel: Just focus on your breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: As much as you can. Being aware that the air is expanding in the lower long into the belly.
iPhone: I just my heart was racing so badly.
iPhone: When we first came in just a that I was having a hard time doing the for all the way. And so I'm just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful, you didn't
iPhone: Do your knowing. Okay.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: For me,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's just coming into that lowering of heart rate.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's maybe some nervousness coming in here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bodies registering
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's registering that getting your mind permission to focus on the breath, the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: being present in this moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you increase your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just have this sort of tuning in Word as if this perfect temperature existed having it sort of wash through your entire body. Starting at the top of your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a perfect temperature for you as it starts with the top of your skull.
Gwenevere Abriel: That awareness that moves through the forehead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lights.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Years.
Gwenevere Abriel: The eye sockets.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shift
Gwenevere Abriel: The vibration
Gwenevere Abriel: But as soon as it goes in to the nasal passage
Gwenevere Abriel: cheekbones.
Gwenevere Abriel: John's
Gwenevere Abriel: Awareness turning all the way into the mouth, perhaps just now noticing for the first time.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you're doing how your body's feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Whereas continues to move through at that perfect temperature your perfect temperature into the throat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Larynx.
Gwenevere Abriel: neck muscles.
Gwenevere Abriel: Possible shifts in energy vibration
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe a letting go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into those shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back sort of moving through the arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Through the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into the center where the diaphragm is in the middle of our body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awareness continues to move through our stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Often a place of intuition and just knowing
Gwenevere Abriel: Our truth in any given moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Down into the hips.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seat bones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thighs
Gwenevere Abriel: Hamstrings
Gwenevere Abriel: To the knees.
Gwenevere Abriel: Calves
Gwenevere Abriel: To our Achilles heel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tendon
Gwenevere Abriel: Brings us to the ankle.
Gwenevere Abriel: While the feed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice shifts in the arch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you notice your toes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just bring that awareness back up the body from the toes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are to the feet.
People's
Gwenevere Abriel: Paths.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into the legs.
Gwenevere Abriel: moving its way up our back
Gwenevere Abriel: To awareness those hands if you didn't catch them before your arms for arms elbows and
Gwenevere Abriel: biceps and triceps, all the way up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Face.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the top of your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you are doing
Gwenevere Abriel: An assessment of how this body how this felt sense is present mental
Gwenevere Abriel: Wellness in the relationship between perhaps a mind that wants to distract you. And that's okay too.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's what is
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe what you want from today from our work together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of in your own intentions with putting it into the universe in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to say it out loud. That's fine. If you don't, that's fine too.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll see at the end if you were able to reach that intention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come out of that when you're ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't have a little bong sound wish I did bomb.
Gwenevere Abriel: Online for one I want to get one of those little
Gwenevere Abriel: Little drama have those cool sounds
iPhone: Well thank you that my heart isn't not racing.
iPhone: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Welcome felt good for me to. It's nice, a nice way to start. Isn't it
Yeah.
iPhone: I'm usually so I don't even, you know, I wouldn't even think of it. But I was so
iPhone: This morning, and we know that he week. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you, what do you know, at the end of our session today, how you want to feel what you want to come away with today. Let me work hard to help us get there.
iPhone: Well,
iPhone: Um, you had mentioned it a few minutes ago.
iPhone: Specifically because it seems to be having such a physical detrimental effect on me. Um,
iPhone: My inability to stop talking to because Thomas at periods and you know and or even stopped so people can respond
iPhone: Yeah, and it's also obviously a problem for whoever's
iPhone: Receiving so uh yeah
iPhone: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, my question was a unique one in the sense that I know the content to work with and you've you've definitely familiar about this.
iPhone: But also feeling. I want to walk away. I want to walk away with
iPhone: A with an actual like tangible sense like a feeling like I have a plan and approach, maybe a toolbox to try and actually accomplish that, because I know we've been talking about it, but I don't know. Maybe I need a, like a training session or I just don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got that part. But we're almost there. I now know content I now know you want to walk away with a tangible plan and a tool. I can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I may feel like the call.
Of the field.
Gwenevere Abriel: If
iPhone: You don't. I mean,
iPhone: I've got a plan for next time I'm
iPhone: In us
Gwenevere Abriel: So the feeling is so we'll be able to check in on that or you'll at least be able to check in right as we're bringing our session to a close. We'll check in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hope I remember. And if I if I don't, you can remind and say, hey, I kind of feel calm. I've got a tangible plan. I've got this
Gwenevere Abriel: Technique, I would use tool or technique or skill that I'm walking away with and and i was i had the word confidence in my mind you used calm but I had the word confidence and
iPhone: Also this idea in my head to your feeling like a positive feeling about that issue coming into this week. So a call because maybe of my, what is the word you used,
Gwenevere Abriel: I use confident. I thought, oh, you maybe have confidence about starting conversations with people that. She'll. She'll know how to be she'll be like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, I don't mind talking to this person because I have faith in right confidence that I will be able to hear them and also get my point across. So that's what I thought maybe the a destination might also be a sense of confidence, I now have this
Gwenevere Abriel: Scale and yeah
iPhone: Absolutely. Yeah, I think that kind of encompasses the column and the positive that I was saying in together. The other confidence. I think the calm and the positivity feelings going to come from my confidence that I have a, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, yeah. Do you want me to give you an idea of what to do what we get. But it's a week.
iPhone: Yeah, it might be kind of a, you know, trial and error thing to see how it works. But yeah, I feel like I need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Go play and
iPhone: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think you said role play right
iPhone: Yeah training session role play. Yes, let's do it. So this is what, this is my idea and then you can tell me if this works for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's my thought since you and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Since I can meaning provoke agitate I can bring out probably some. What if you're okay with hyper verbal being it's a quick way to say, I don't really like saying talk too much. It just means sort of not being able to
iPhone: Stop.
Yeah.
iPhone: It was my mom and very positive calm circumstances.
iPhone: Yeah, like
iPhone: For laid back, but it's so it's
It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's my idea my proposition is this I will be able to probably do it with you in here and here's what I'm going to do, I'm going to say, Lauren.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the felt sense right now. How about now. How about now. How about now. So that's what you're going to hear me do we're going to be doing a role play
Gwenevere Abriel: You probably will feel like talking going and then I'm going to. If it's okay with you. I need permission is I'm going to interrupt you and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe something you give me a sign, where I can cut you off. Maybe visually and then I'm going to check in on the say, How's the body. I want to know the register.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what either you're seeing in my face for an effect or how you're feeling in your body. I want the relationship between what you're hearing what you're seeing right and what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want all those things. So there's a lot to pick up on. And I'm going to be taking lots of notes. The only part you you kind of need to do is is to a little bit, maybe more awareness in when you're continuing to talk if, like, maybe it's you. You may notice your heart just went out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Or you might notice the hand started to do something like this, whatever it is that's the somatic awareness. That's what I'm going to be looking for them to be like, Well, what's happening right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one of the reasons the destination again what's the plan in the future is because once you know what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: The body responds to stress before you come up with
Gwenevere Abriel: The word to describe the stress response. So I'm wanting your body to be the messenger. That's the one that you're going to be keying into when you're talking to anybody to a me to anyone on, you know, whoever
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why I'm saying let's go somatic let me understand what the messages from the body are, but I have to get your permission, because we just got back to kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Be until together. So I don't want to hurt your feelings or come across abrupt or rude. So I want to make sure if I interrupt you, that it's welcomed and how should I do it. Can I do this or some little hand signal, something that you would welcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would work for you. That wouldn't hurt your feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for today. Just while we're role playing
iPhone: And I, oh my, my initial thought. We've heard said it was just something like that, you know,
iPhone: I don't know, maybe there could be like, Oh, what is that error or whatever, but that's
A little much.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't want visual. You don't want visual you do you think you would hear if I said
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You would hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, okay, so, so, boop.
iPhone: Boop. And a second boo. But if it doesn't seem like I heard it, get a couple seconds later is, uh, yeah.
iPhone: So a couple. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's, that's what I'm thinking I'm thinking that. So it's happening right now. I want you to tell me what you notice about you to close your eyes. If you can turn inward and let me know what messages are happening. Now what is activated in the body right now.
iPhone: No actual physical or
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am. Right in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm right away.
iPhone: The bottom of my feet and my palms got clammed up real sweaty and hot
iPhone: My heart started racing and I'm choked up like I could start crying.
Yep.
iPhone: Okay, and it intensifies to when you asked me.
iPhone: How it feeling in that moment, it's like everything kind of like it's magnified that I'm feeling like that too. So it makes it like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, okay. That's interesting. So I don't want to move too quickly and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's sit with that for a moment.
iPhone: And I'm tense in general. My whole body.
iPhone: The right way.
iPhone: And a tense tense body and continues. Everything is continuing to as we're talking about it to
iPhone: Be creasing sweatiness in temperature and
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So what if you. What if you would you be okay with getting up because we had some success with getting a little less intensity from face to face contact. Would you feel comfortable kind of walking and stretching or doing something to
Gwenevere Abriel: Tailor yeah
iPhone: When I'm on the phone. I usually pace it drives me crazy all I'll just, you know,
iPhone: Definite man.
iPhone: Well, I guess I could leave the phone here, right.
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: We can you just take care of your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Won't have the shaking screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. Okay, so what I want you to do is just as you start to move around just tune into how the feet feel
Gwenevere Abriel: How the pumps.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that you now have permission to take this body that's messaging to you something important is happening and you're honoring that
Gwenevere Abriel: And it isn't just having to sort of conform to, you know, sit here and you talk to this therapist. Nope, you get to take care of yourself. Also, that's ever present in this work. In fact, it is paramount that in any given moment you're tuning in to what most creates safety for you.
iPhone: So tense. Once I got up and actually
iPhone: Aligned my body.
iPhone: Right position vertical I I feel like I just finished doing a race.
iPhone: around the track my muscles are so tense.
iPhone: Right now, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
iPhone: So nobody's
iPhone: Talking when I do that with people. It's like I'm not even aware of how I think my body.
iPhone: You're on the right track.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
It's all tied together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so notice for those shoulders want to do. Do they want to maybe do they want to move themselves, do they want to maybe say something. And this is where we get into sort of right brain metaphoric things like if it, if those shoulders had a voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: With that voice be
iPhone: Sitting
iPhone: Like a protection.
iPhone: Like
iPhone: I guess. Don't hurt me.
iPhone: Or
iPhone: Anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boop up check in how they feeling now, now that you said, Don't hurt me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check in how they doing
iPhone: They start moving around.
iPhone: In my body started to my muscles relax my shoulders relaxing.
iPhone: And I'm talking, I don't know, it's, it's a little better. I'm standing up.
iPhone: I answer my pocket. So my
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So being present with that we may not move much further from just where we are now. I think you're onto something pretty important.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you're willing to say to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't hurt me.
iPhone: In the voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't hurt me. See if you can tell me that you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep moving around.
iPhone: So you that
iPhone: I need to read
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's okay. Tell me in in with the amount of passion and honest truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: That those shoulders. Shoulders have to say in your message to me. Don't hurt me.
iPhone: I don't know, trusting. I don't even know if I could say, I'm afraid to hurt me. I don't even know that I feel safe to say that, as I say it.
iPhone: But yeah, so same down on her knees all Morrow direct it's feels even riskier.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're doing
iPhone: We're taking our last few days of saying as part of I'm so afraid I please don't. I really don't want that was going to add wanted to ask you.
iPhone: Are you really, really do care about you're really not going. Do you know where the the feature the thing. But with that thought that I don't even know that I I'm confident that I'm to phrase even asked God so that it goes long that that Perry I concept goes along with the trusting to
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask for
iPhone: I'm afraid of
Book
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here's a moment to tune into. You see how you're doing. Feel the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you're explaining. Right. How's it doing houses responding in the shoulders in the hands and the feet in the choked up area. How is it doing as you address this important issue.
iPhone: I'm
iPhone: Standing up and I still remember casing, but it's a lot less physical reaction that when I'm sitting, lot less. And I don't know if it's better to come out front view.
iPhone: But I think it's partly in case the attentions mostly gone and I don't feel the took apart right away when I started saying those, to be honest, personal things I put my hand. If I just
iPhone: My, my hands and feet are still really clammy, but my heart is did not start really going crazy and I didn't get the muscle.
iPhone: I think it's because I'm standing right in front of you now and I'm still
iPhone: Yes, city and I tend to slowly going to this.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I don't know. I've allowed myself that position by sitting to begin with.
iPhone: I don't know how
iPhone: To do that on a need to get, you know, get all curled up in a way. So, my body is more tense tense New York City.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just keeping keeping the focus on our original goal. I want to do another piece. So I'm going to do it again. I'm going to ask. I'm going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now check in right here with the hand on the chest because I've interrupted you several times with the boop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can see
Gwenevere Abriel: See if this part of your body is either beginning to feel safer if it is tight or if it's getting more relaxed and check in, because earlier it was very clear with don't hurt me check.
Gwenevere Abriel: It wants to see what you check in your in your body. We gotta go metaphor. Otherwise, we're in analysis really go into your body and feel it. See if it needs more safety, just check and see what it needs.
iPhone: Holding myself very tightly now.
iPhone: Got my over my face and
iPhone: After five ways
iPhone: I'm holding myself grippy myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. And how does it feel in the body without analysis. How does it feel to be taking care of you just the way you need it. How does it feel to that it's okay that you put your safety first.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it okay that you're comforting yourself soothing. That's what people do is we all self sooth, we find a way right you're holding your own body.
iPhone: What do you mean, is it okay my bio K was
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we're taking care of you.
Yeah.
iPhone: Okay, good.
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now check. Let's check in and see if those words that earlier seemed and you gave me all the analysis. I know it's scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: But your, your chest area was able to express earlier. That's what I wrote down. Don't hurt me. That might be what its messages. And yes, there was more, but let's just stay there. If you're willing, see if it's more comfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Playing it check and see now that you're doing the self soothing, you're kind of cradling yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if it's getting closer to being able to let me know that
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to be hurt by me see if it's getting closer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, Kerry.
iPhone: Said it from a, you know, very narrative style.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok now very
Possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
iPhone: Over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still scary. What do you think that chest would need to feel safer without analysis, try and catch that first response. What does it need to feel safer.
iPhone: I don't know. Probably just time and building trust. It's kind of why I wanted to, you know, take my time with my feelings of switching counselors, because I believe whatever
iPhone: If I want to try and build trust. It might take time. So just feel like I don't know. It's Sunday like solving the session. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, right there. How's the body feeling. Once you said that piece. Did you notice any shift.
iPhone: I mean, each time when I start talking, especially if it's
iPhone: More real just call it
iPhone: Yeah, it's I start greatly myself even tighter like
iPhone: Yeah okay cryptic
iPhone: Tighter, um, it's what I would do to win. I'd be fine for days. This is kind of the physical of what was going on during that time. It's a lot of for be myself.
iPhone: Yeah, rocking myself something
You know,
iPhone: Same. Same promotion reaction was
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you ever noticed this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This way of self soothing with other people. Do you remember. Do you ever find yourself kind of talking with people and doing this kind of in interacting with other people as well.
iPhone: Yeah. And also, oh, raw, like, you know, as I'm speaking yeah I'm aware of it. And I think one of the most obvious physical being aware of. And so when I keep going because I I literally like not I'm starting to happen tonight. They're not feeling or whatever, that would be
iPhone: So yeah, I don't know, but you know, I'm not you've been asking me how you feel. I feel it. I'm not immediately aware of it. No, it's not to like is doing it for
iPhone: Like I'm doing that for 510 15 minutes before I actually become aware of my physical were like oh my gosh, I'm like, you know, so no not right away, where
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to tell
iPhone: Like it's really
iPhone: affecting me where I can't breathe Take a breath properly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, wake up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't take a breath. Okay, just I'm doing my best to hear everything as you're moving. So I heard can take breath. What if we're on to something with that. What if that's our marker.
iPhone: What's that
Gwenevere Abriel: What is that I can't take a breath. So let me, let me tell you what my hypothesis is here. I'm thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Because remember, the goal is, we're going to try to find something semantically in the body that marks that anxieties coming up and probably there's
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of talking. And so if we can register that quickest, it might be, is it the holding of a breath might be a really clear sign that you're feeling really anxious and might be talking
iPhone: That's the one I don't notice to like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I
iPhone: Bought from for like 10 minutes. That's the last thing I notice I think everything else already been happening. I'm not even aware of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's too far down the line.
iPhone: Yeah, so forgive her for what we described the
iPhone: clammy hands up the heart racing of adrenaline rush. I guess it's kind of a thing.
But so
iPhone: Almost a crazy feeling in my belly.
iPhone: A few times, just a little bit like a god, I don't know. You know that and
iPhone: And the tend to tend to not first, I feel, and then slowly as it goes on.
iPhone: In our sessions, whether I'm talking, you're talking cuz I think it's about me personally I continue to more and more curlin. It's like the whole time. So I can. I'm holding myself tighter and tighter getting
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
iPhone: facing right now though as much as i i'm surprised it's not more
iPhone: Maybe cuz you're cutting me off here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't
Gwenevere Abriel: I accidentally cut people off all
Gwenevere Abriel: It says my internet is unstable. So I might have a problem and I do apologize for that. Again, I'm in this weird place. So let me tell you I've refined that the holding of the breath is too far down the line. We needed an early
Gwenevere Abriel: This earlier sign. Oh, good.
iPhone: It's happening. I'm holding my breath. I know the whole time. Why, because I'm talking. I'm not taking a breath, but I don't become aware of it until I've like my body's like hey do you need to inhale, you know,
iPhone: Oh yeah so
iPhone: It's I don't realize it for further on. I know it's happening from the beginning with everything else.
iPhone: Right, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's the thing. I know you're not hooked. I know you're not holding your breath for 10 minutes so it probably it might not be. For now, let's say we were just starting here if we could catch
Gwenevere Abriel: Since the breath is going to force you to remember the body, it's going to force you to do it because it's going to demand that you have an inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to make it.
iPhone: Really, it's like micro wrestling not really taking a concept of taking care of my body deep breathing, which you should be
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um, I think we've got some good signals. We could either use awareness of heart racing. We could use queasy. We could use
Gwenevere Abriel: The all of our tents. We could use. Also, we got choked up we've got all over. We got clammy hands and feet. We've got lots of really cool signals going on that could message. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Check and see. Now we're going to go cognitive. We just went somatic. Now we're going to go top down for a second. Now we're going to go. These are thoughts. So cognitive for just a moment. Now once. Let's imagine that we're able to accomplish that. And we can catch it and you catch it quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Do a nice inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, let's say that that's a sequence that's going to play into this. So there's going to be body awareness, there's going to be an inhale and exhale and then
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to try and find out the sequence of this might not. I have a feeling it's going to be body awareness cognition and then it's going to be breath. So here's what I'm guessing. So I'm because I'm feeling it myself. Like, what would I do
iPhone: Oh my god Pavlov's dog, you know, the train or an action to train to bring pattern.
iPhone: Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm trying to get watch this. I'm going to do it out loud, and then we're going to make it personal for you. We're going to make it something that might work for you. So this is what, this is what I'm thinking. It'd be something like this. So I'm I'm anxious and I catch I catch myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: On way up here. I know, because like all my shoulders come up high and I noticed I've really, I can feel like all this
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it all this air is sitting up high. And so I catch it and I
Gwenevere Abriel: And I say to myself, this is the cognitive part. This is the self talk that this is a piece of one of the the plan that I want for you today. If we can pull this off is I want you to be able to say something to yourself. And this is where I need your help. Now for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say something like, if I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Really going to your right me
iPhone: Is a good word for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, yeah, of course. Yeah. And then you, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are going to come in reaction to mind. You're going to go well I don't like that or that made me think of this. So this is going to be, or this is what one of your does when I'm doing this and I'm feeling anxious I say
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at you. You're trying too hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's me like I'm trying too hard. I notice I'm on guard. That's a self talk that I do. I say I'm trying too hard. Now that gets an eye. Okay, that is a trigger for me to remember to breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now trying too hard for granted. There is I'm trying to get my point across help show off, get attention be approved be liked, like as a human as a human, I might be doing that and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I use as a cognitive self talk, I might say cheese. Okay, you're trying really hard. It's okay, you're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I what I'd like to do for you is what is something like let's go fast forward 10 minutes you've been talking and talking and talking
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you ever catch a thought like, like, Oh my gosh, I've been talking for a long time. Do you ever catch something like a thought that you have about yourself that we could use
iPhone: Yeah, you know, I actually will interrupt my own. I talk actually out loud to myself like my thought process when I'm working things out a lot to an all interrupt my own self and tell myself more and shut up.
iPhone: But also when I'm talking to friends, I'll go. I'm so sorry I can't shut up of suicide. And then, and it's like, I interrupted, like, by the way, I'm aware. I'm doing this. And then I continue to speak.
iPhone: But yet, unable to stop, but I just got enough awareness, I'm able to let the person know you're, you know, you're not alone. I have right here with you. I wish I could shut up. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've seen you do it with me. I know exactly what you're talking about. You do have this self awareness and
iPhone: We're going to go with your thoughts, kind of like the crazy old so that I don't understand. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I think you actually cognitively understand. I think I'm guessing that the stress reaction is so intense.
Gwenevere Abriel: In in the compelling need to continue even though you've started talking. It's just like if I keep talking.
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't be this. You remember how earlier when I took a moment. And I said, let's turn inward let's pay attention to what your body's doing and it got amplified.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was like, then, then I had shoulders choked up bottom of my feet, palms and heart I had all this, this happen, but you know you informed me
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's my guess. My guess is that if you stop talking.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might have to feel
Gwenevere Abriel: And meaning feel. I'll be using the word as body.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: The magic in the breath. I can't emphasize it enough. It's like magic. Because right I'm talking. I'm talking
Gwenevere Abriel: When I feel this body way up here, tight and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a breath. And I remember
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. I'm okay.
iPhone: Here I am, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, here I am trying
iPhone: Off I lose my, you know, for a metaphor and I need Dutch
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, but
iPhone: Not a question. Sure.
Quick
iPhone: I such a hard time stopping, do you think, what about a
iPhone: Before I even open my mouth with someone to actually
iPhone: Maybe even the help me so I'm able to stop once I start to do the breathing started before I even begin speaking kind of precedent with taking at least one nice healthy. Big breath in and out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. And we're that's a great piece of this, so that's a piece, the purse and I'm almost to that one. That's fantastic. I just wrote that down. And that's absolutely there's one part I want to do that. That is
Gwenevere Abriel: So this has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: Insight on mines. This is the cognitive part inside our minds. It's almost like
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have permission to have quiet.
iPhone: Right, because of the stuff our thoughts. I mean, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, interpersonal it
Gwenevere Abriel: If there was quiet, someone could
Gwenevere Abriel: could hurt you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it if you keep talking like I can't hurt you.
iPhone: That's a really good point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scary. Because then I might attack. I might criticize, I might judge if you just keep going then. And that's where this is this final piece right in here about
Gwenevere Abriel: You have every right to have some quiet you have every right to take care of yourself. And this is where the deep, deep work comes in in
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing where that boundary is where you're protecting yourself in any given second
Gwenevere Abriel: With another human because we humans we do hurt each other in any little conversation I i do it i i i i do my very best to show care, but I do, I hurt people's feelings. I don't mean to but I use the wrong words and and i i sound judging.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so this part right in there. When you sort of just now when you said, Boy, that might be something right, you said, what, what were you thinking about when it's a big
Gwenevere Abriel: You from getting hurt.
iPhone: Oh well, I mean, you're absolutely right. I mean, I've always I didn't really ever see it.
iPhone: Like just said like I
iPhone: Didn't put that together, like I mentioned before, I noticed they got a lot more amplified after my last boyfriend. He was an alcoholic and he would get drunk and break up with me about three, four times a week for about a year and a half, and a
iPhone: Is a nightmare. He never remember these blackout drunk, but he would get very argumentative
iPhone: Now you're very smart guy, and
iPhone: I would argue with them like you
iPhone: Know it's a few tile was a drunk but I
iPhone: Had laryngitis on the entire time he dated from arguing so heavily, and he would get so loud belligerent and I would really have to almost even get like to
iPhone: contend with him, and it really was got that I noticed how amplify all this social anxiety in this hyper Taka after that I had it before, but it was way worse. It's been a lot more extreme since then.
iPhone: And I know a lot of that was he would cut me off all the time, interrupt me and I mean of course you super demeaning and crew. Also, but I'm
iPhone: All these arguments and we of course they were a few tile. It's not that stupid. I ended arguments or I can never want to look at, but the feeling I always had was
iPhone: And what I went away from. Was this some urgency that I needed to say everything that I really wanted to get across what I was feeling or thinking
iPhone: And I need to do right then, before I got interrupted cut off stopped out and they walk away or whatever it is, urgency, I feel I'm afraid that if I don't take now if I let them.
iPhone: Out or event, the whole point across. And I breathe and they respond. Their, their response will be 100% and form. And so they may respond with, not even having not under the whole thing and it'll, it'll be an erroneous response. You know what I mean.
iPhone: I do. It's kind of all those things tied together. But when you
iPhone: Said that that type it into the feelings more
Gwenevere Abriel: Specifically, but it turned inward boo boo.
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: See how the body's doing right now.
iPhone: We're not raising those much
iPhone: Okay, bye. Peter
iPhone: Peter family who will be both face.
iPhone: A
iPhone: Lot about
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we will, we want to do is be tracking what is so we did hear about
Gwenevere Abriel: The feet. We saw a little pacing. We have some arms crossed, we have some of that right now. These books that I do are interruptions.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're the very thing that is provoking the very thing you're describing, which is I have an urgency to make sure I get my message across. I may never have that opportunity again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I am doing it to you in vivo, which means right in the moment I'm interrupting you. And that's the feeling that I want to understand how it registers in your body when I interrupt you.
iPhone: I don't know, maybe because I was
iPhone: counting on it or something, I don't know, it's, it's not that big of a deal. And in fact,
iPhone: Now the invention it real. In reality, pausing and letting the person respond or interrupt me is not that big a deal. I got the response is not nearly as bad as the anticipation
iPhone: The fear of the
iPhone: Result.
iPhone: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I do
iPhone: I think we
Gwenevere Abriel: So now now. Can I just do a little, a little just psycho education my brain and most most people's brains.
Gwenevere Abriel: have what's called sort of a working memory, which means I'll be thinking about basically
Gwenevere Abriel: A small amount of information at a time. I'm not thinking about all of the text. I've already we have basically a desktop of information that I can hold in my working memory at any given time. And that is my focus
Gwenevere Abriel: Now here's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I cannot remember everything you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: There are other other other people to
Gwenevere Abriel: Us. But I mean, because you're until you're an intelligent person so you can generate a lot of information, a lot of words very quickly and all of them are important, but I literally
Gwenevere Abriel: Physically, as in tissue in my brain. I can't hold it in my working space because I'm also I'm trying to also see what's the therapeutic
Gwenevere Abriel: A move here. So there's a lot going on with these pieces of information that you you give, and I want to treat them, each with so much respect but they they pass like a like a train. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, there was
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a good one right so
iPhone: That's
iPhone: That's really helpful and
iPhone: astute observation.
Gwenevere Abriel: So from the consumer right of your information. We want to hear each piece and give it due diligence of reflection, but for me anyway. I can't quite do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because there's new stuff coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so if we could do a reframe just to reframe today as because we got six minutes left here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't know, it's amazing. Right. That's crazy.
iPhone: Session saying how quickly the month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude, I know. So, um, so we may get get all the way through the technique but but we have a great start. So I want to add this extra piece which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Reframing from the me's the outside world as a threat, seeing the me's the other of the world in your community in your social peer group less as a threat as more as
Gwenevere Abriel: They want
Gwenevere Abriel: To hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it again me
Gwenevere Abriel: The rest of the world. They can only hold a small you can pity us right we can only hold hold a small amount of information.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they want to hear, but I'm going to have to dish it out in small portions. So glad to be here, she's all right but I can't. She can't really speak to too much information at once. So I'm going to serve it at a dose that she can actually hear
Gwenevere Abriel: You can feel sorry for me like this poor whenever she you know she can't she can't think about too many deep things back to back to back.
iPhone: All that way. That's why when you go to a class, you take notes. You go home, you study, you do exercises on the subject, and you take the exam, it's all, it's reinforced one. I see. So what you said is completely valid and
iPhone: It's true for me to knowing can take in all that information. Thank you for pointing out, though, that knowing that probably pointed out two
iPhone: Things to you that was mind blowing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so let's see if we can integrate that. The first one is conceptualizing that the other meaning us other human beings that our intentions are to hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there some truth for you and that
Gwenevere Abriel: We do want to hear you.
iPhone: Yes. What's an asterix
iPhone: With a footnote.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we, we may disappoint you. Is that something like that.
iPhone: Misunderstanding, I was going to go into a
Bit.
iPhone: Of a
iPhone: Because my graduation Vicky I've chosen lots of bad dynamics in the past. So, uh, I'm kind of fulfilling my own fear I have fulfilled in my own tears, a lot of cases. So
iPhone: You're right to enroll people interact with
iPhone: Boo, boo. I got a lot of bad experiences so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, boop. So I want to reinforce something right before you said Astrid. Did you know that you paused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and
iPhone: I thought I knew I thought it was too much info.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you and you did it. So in vivo. You did it on your own. You found your organic recipe so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's happening even though we don't have it all structured and written out, we will get there. But that was a lot to ask from one session.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but I just want to reinforce learning. You did it organically. What you did was you said something at a really reasonable pace of speech and you said it, and you said you said yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: With an Asterix and guess what you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: You stop talking and you put a pause. And you know what that gave me time to do. Then I got to say, oh, like as in will disappoint you, and then you said, well, kind of more like that dynamics. I did it with Vicki. Did you see that you did that.
iPhone: Was. What do you mean at the end there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You made it happen. You put the pause in there. You did it all by yourself just now. That's all it takes. So whatever it is that gave you
Gwenevere Abriel: The permission to not have to explain yourself because you don't have to. When you say Asterix
Gwenevere Abriel: I guessed right. But it gave it gave you time to hear my interpretation of it and it was off and then guess what, then you explained it. And that's the volley back
Gwenevere Abriel: And forth with small bits of information we volley.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is my interpretation. So I did. I got it wrong, which right and then you volley back over the net with understanding you volleyed with. Well, more, more like just the dynamics that I had set up with the sticky. You know you clarified it
Gwenevere Abriel: You made that happen in here today.
iPhone: Cool. Yeah, your, your observations there that kind of know it's like sometimes it's just so it can be just the littlest thing but it opens my mind to. I don't know. It made me
iPhone: I'm so desperate for someone to hear me. And when you say you know i i can't. And I'm pretty sure most humans cannot
iPhone: You know, soak in everything when you're doing like a runaway train and it was like since my whole point of doing that is my fear of not being understood that somehow was like the big one. You like whoa.
iPhone: That was as somehow given me a an out like an avenue to take the don't explain the whole thing.
iPhone: You know what I mean, like, give me permission to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
iPhone: We know right them.
And just
Gwenevere Abriel: And just now. I was waiting for you to find a way to to bring that thought to a close and what I saw was you were talking, talking, and
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you said, do you know what I mean. Now that so you know how sometimes you wonder, well, how do I instead of saying sorry I talked too much. That's your key that's your way to segue to getting the person that you're talking to, to participate in the volley back
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is, that's your that's your things that you get to say out loud, is you get to say out loud, something like
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I losing you here or
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to talk more about any parts of what I said or do you, do you understand
Gwenevere Abriel: Because guess what it does. It includes other back into the conversation and they get to actually share
Gwenevere Abriel: What they heard they get to say, oh, yeah, you lost me five minutes ago. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But, or they get to say, Oh, yeah, yeah. But then you notice they only caught the most recent stuff and not that juicy stuff you shared in the first part of the share but more the disclosure send at the end because maybe that's all they could retain but that might be your way is to say
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean. Man, or you know what I mean, sweetie, or you know whatever the other person is in because you did it in here organically. You did it all by yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I did a little bit of interrupt. I did. Pause So here's what I did, because I told you we'd be doing the work in vivo and
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't need to do too much role play it just sort of happens. So what I did is I watched you say, do you understand, and I was kind of hoping you put a little bit more time, but I couldn't you didn't do it.
You don't leave
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't leave time for me, the other world. The other people as humans to answer you.
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We will we will just just feel sorry for us that we can't think as fast as you do pity pity the fool where they will
iPhone: Write that really come from that last boyfriend. It's it were even asking and then continuing to talk. It's, I, I was just like so afraid in a way
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's, inhale together. We're at two minutes over. I know I need to run a group
iPhone: I have a question before we
Close.
iPhone: If I go to group last week and we didn't have group. This week, could we meet twice this week and twice. Next week individually.
iPhone: Cuz I guess I can afford it since I didn't pay for groups, after all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you. I would love for you to see my Thursday group. No chance. You want to go at 11
iPhone: Oh, yeah.
iPhone: I'd love to. I was kind of bummed. I, I didn't end up going last week and then we didn't have it yesterday. So 11am Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And the answer is yes. I just, I've got some some clumpiness going on over here. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So real quick and then I gotta jump out it to run this group I'm putting a Lauren will be in the 11am group. So you may need to set a timer for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and should will all be all message your doc that you were here today, but also Lauren for our scheduled scheduled one that's a sure thing.
iPhone: June 2 11am what what is that next Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well,
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. So, and then I'll be keeping in mind if there is something that opens up. Do you want me to to to email you
iPhone: Yeah, if you have a available time later this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't have time to go into it, but I did everything I said I would. I I message to Elena Elena. I didn't have a schedule I messaged
Gwenevere Abriel: This woman Lisa Anderson. She's pretty brand new has not too many clients I did messaged her
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't heard back from her. She said, we'll connect and we can sort of process about good she said good fit, which I think you're looking for a good fit to. So just so you know I've done what I said I would do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let's keep working through it I guess we'll take it.
iPhone: Yeah, I'm okay. Continuing to meet with you said it was a big transformative move with just your I just felt like I was cornered. So your willingness
iPhone: To do it like really kind of opened the door for us. Again, I guess so. I see. So for now, if you can. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we'll put a pin in it. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Won't
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't move on transfer aggressively and you know what I mean, I'll just kind of we'll keep talking. And if Lisa and I talk. Then I'll kind of keep her update as you and I are progressing.
iPhone: Okay, cool. Let's see. The second time this week to continue with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let me see if I
Gwenevere Abriel: Have time
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll email you
Gwenevere Abriel: Go.
iPhone: To break so
iPhone: Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you. I invite
iPhone: You Thursday at 11 right
Gwenevere Abriel: That that may 28 at 11
iPhone: Okay, great, beautiful. Thank you. Bye.